The Twelve Kingdoms


1

To live or die, there is no other choice.
These are the days of darkness.
There are wars and rumors of wars.
And followed the war there come plague and famine.
And the wild beasts began to kill men.
And we saw young women became slaves.
We saw man fighting with man for a piece of bread.
We saw evil rampaged throughout the entire land.
And there comes a man, his duty is to save his people from this evil world.
He is a mechanist. he was one of the warriors on the fleet of the great king.
After the great king's death he became the successor of the king.
He sent his men to take his wife to the new island Ansitolion.
At that time there are twelve kingdoms.


2

The mechanist designed a suit of cards called hofka cards.
The card is rounded in shape and easy to play.
There are 13 cards in total.
The first is Hofka, which means cup. it can be eaten by 2 Kambos.
The second is Pifin, which means fish. it can be eaten by 2 Kambos and 2 Lyudas.
The third is Kambo, which means hill. it can be eaten by 1 Hofka and 1 Kambo. 
The fourth is Lima, which means lake. it can be eaten by 2 Toasts and 1 Lima.
The fifth is Adri, which means flag. it can be eaten by 1 Lyuda.
The sixth is Lyuda, which means wood. it can be eaten by 1 Adri.
The seventh is Onomi, which means prison. it can be eaten by 4 Toasts.
The eighth is Longo, which means metal. it can be eaten by 1 Toast.
The nineth is Skaya, which means river. it can be eaten by 1 Adri and 1 Toast.
The tenth is Doma, which means house. it can be eaten by 4 Adris, 4 Toasts and 1 Doma.
The eleventh is Ksast (krux), which means cross. it can be eaten by 4 Lyudas.
The twelveth is Boleto, which means mushroom. it can be eaten by 2 Adris and 2 Lyudas.

Sailers on the ship start to use the hofka cards to gamble.
The hofka card game is popular in the years of the great tribulation.


3

After the son of the great king murdered by his servant.
the twelve kingdoms begin to fight each other.
Vineyard scholars begin to preach their religion.
their religion is based on the phoenix religion and improved the theory.
they refuse to recognize the phoenix as the God but rather a messenger from God.
This is the main divergence between the neo phoenix religion and the former.


4

there are many famous scholars at that time, one of them is Sapero.
Sapero is the hand of the king of Phoenixland, and when he admonish the king that the king should care more about his people rather than waging endless wars, the king prepared to kill him. So Sapero fled into the wilderness of Terra Nemo Scit. And god sent his messengers to protect him from the beasts.
These are the words of Sapero the hand of the king.
In the year of 195, the great king invaded Heliosland and won. Sapero said to the great king: my king we have already achieved all achievements of all kings combined. we have the greatest kingdom on Earth and we have the largest amount of people on Earth. However, my king, the way of God is to let us live and thrive, if God will it, our kingdom shall thrive forever. There are a lot of people living in poverty and being enslaved but our noblemen are very rich. This is not God's will. We should stop raising taxes and save our people from poverty.
The king is very mad hearing this, and he said: well said my servant. Now I command you to save my people from poverty. Go now and dwell in the poorest land of my kingdom. Go and save my people there.


6

Sapero went down to the town of Abbey in Sylvania. There he live with his wife and sons. He know that the enemy of the kingdom is not outside the kingdom but even within the kingdom.


7

He wrote many poems in Sylvania. These are his poems:
O the land of Sylvania, beauty of all beauties.
Your mountains are neither like the Phoenix nor like the Eyrie.
Your forest are not comparable with the Vaganasa.
And your rivers can not be campared to the Tigris river.
And your richness can not be likened to Vineyard.
But your mountains are steadfast and steady,
and your rivers are nourishing and clean.
You breed the people with grace and love.
You taught us to forgive and forbear.
You brought us peace and happiness.
One day we might die and perish.
Please take our offsprings and bless them.


8

O the great lion.
Thou art the greatest creature on Earth.
God has given you robust body and sharp claws.
Your face are grave like Hades.
Your fur are shining like fine gold.
Thy movement is faster than horse.
Thy reverence is higher than wolves.
All eyes are on thee.
All hopes are on thee.
So be the savior of the land,
and the guardian of the realm.
Do not kill the innocent sheep.
And protect your kin from the hyena.